# SNHU CS-370 - Current/Emerging Trends in CS (Neural Networking)

## Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
>I was provided with the code that initializes the Keras and dependant libraries as well as the model structure for the neural network. The provided code also set the default variables that controled model parameters and the amount of episodes. Additionally, the project provided the function calls to start the program. The remaining code was implemented by me, which included building out the episode and epoch loops, win and lose states, choice of appropriate actions requiring the use of the quality algorithm versus random actions, and finally adding the results of the current actions to the nueral network for referenceing in later episodes.

## Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science:
### What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
### How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
### What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
>Computer scientists leverage current technological advancements and apply them to real world problems in a way that helps companies improve on their ability to provide services or increase the rate of further advancements in their fields, technological or others.
>Much of these concepts were unlike anything I had encountered before, I would like to say that I use industry best standards, and while I used methods commonly applied to problems like these, I have only just begun my journey into solving problems like these and intend to persue more work like this in the future. Otherwise, I intend to find the best ways of breaking up problems in ways that can be modular and easily applied elsewhere, if necessary. When I find myself working on problems such as this in the future, I will not be afraid to break up the problem intotwo or more neural networks, should it satisfy the requirements.
>There are many ethiical considerations that are needed to ensure a product is safe for public consumption on part of the a company. However, not everything can be filtered without potentially nullifying the benefits of a product, which falls on the end user to understand the risks of the tools they are working with. A company may block unwanted results from a chat-bot or image generator, such as prejudiced or inappropriate content, by only training with approved content. This process is safer, but diminishes the potential returns by limiting the pool versus opening the system up to a massive database like Google. If users want the preformance that only a database like google provides, they will have to understand that results will match the dataset, which may produce content they might find offensive.
